1) What is a method in object-oriented programming?
-->Method is a block of code or collection of instructions that perform a specific task
   it is used to achieve the reusability of code.
   The method is executed only when we call or invoke it.
there are two types of methods
a)pre-defined:method that already defined in class
b)use defined:the method is written by programmer or user.

2)What is the purpose of a method in a class?
-->Methods encapsulate the functionality related to an object's behavior, allowing objects of the class to interact with 
each other and manipulate their internal state.
   
3)What are the key components of a method declaration?
-->access modifiers specify the visibility of the method, such as "public," "private," or "protected," determining whether it can be accessed from other parts of the code
The return type indicates the type of value that the method will return, or "void" if it does not return any value.

4)Can a method have parameters? If so, how are they specified?
-->Yes, methods can have parameters. 
   is specified using an parenthesis
   parameter have data type and parameter name
The parameter name is used as a reference within the method to access the value passed in.

5)How does a method return a value? What is the syntax for it?
--> method returns a value using the return keyword 
syntax:
public returnType methodName(parameters) {
    return value; 
}

6)What is a constructor in object-oriented programming?
-->constructor in object-oriented programming is to initialize an object.
constructor is a speacial method in java that has same name as class name
it does not have any return type.

7)How does a constructor differ from a method?
--> constructor is a special method used to initialize an object when it is created.
 It has the same name as the class and is automatically called when new is used to create an object. 

methods are regular functions within a class that perform specific actions or provide specific behaviors. 

8)What is the purpose of a constructor in a class?
-->constructor is a special method used to initialize an object when it is created.

9)What is the default constructor, and when is it used?
-->deafault constructor is used when there is no constructor in java 
it is provide by java compiler

10)Can a class have multiple constructors? If so, how are they defined?
-->es, a class can have multiple constructors in Java. 
Having multiple constructors allows for different ways to create objects of the class.

11)What is the role of a type constructor?
-->The role of a type constructor is to define and create new types by taking one or more existing types as arguments. 



